OSDOCS-16406: Cleaned up CLI References for DITA migration (#113938)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-login.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_cli/rosa-get-started-cli.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="rosa-login_{context}"]
= About logging in to the {rosa-cli}

[role="_abstract"]

> You can log in to the {rosa-cli} with Red{nbsp}Hat single sign-on or with an offline authentication token. Red{nbsp}Hat recommends using the `rosa` command line tool with Red{nbsp}Hat single sign-on, instead of using an offline authentication token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can log in to the {rosa-cli-first} with Red{nbsp}Hat single sign-on or with an offline authentication token. Red{nbsp}Hat recommends using the {rosa-cli} with Red{nbsp}Hat single sign-on, instead of using an offline authentication token.
```
